content/sound/_index.md, before:

+++
title = "Sound"
sort_by = "weight"
template = "cards.html"
insert_anchor_links = "left"

[extra]
show_reading_time = false
quick_navigation_buttons = true
+++

When I left system administration behind, in 2017, I graduated in [Sound Design
For Visual Media](https://vfs.edu/programs/sound-design) at [Vancouver Film
School](https://vfs.edu/about-vfs) and explored a creative career as a sound
designer. VFS complete and formative [sound design
program](https://vfs.edu/programs/sound-design), taught us several disciplines
and subjects. Both in production sound and post-production sound. Such as [boom
op](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boom_operator_(media)),
[utility](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Utility_sound_technician), [production
sound mixer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Production_sound_mixer), dialog
editing, music editing, [Foley
Artistry](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foley_(filmmaking)), [sound
branding](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sound_trademark), [sound
effects](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sound_design), game audio, [rerecording
mixer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Re-recording_mixer), and [field
recordist](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Field_recording).

Technically, I'm a qualified sound designer and a one stop shop for your
production and post-production needs. With diverse experience on both ends, to
assist during the entire life span of the production pipeline.

On the other hand, that didn't pan out. Thus, I'm determined to become a
professional Swift developer. Programming apps brings together the creative and
the technical. Moreover, I love doing UI/UX. Swift and apps fill just the right
spot of the Venn diagram that is my experience in a number of fields.

Here are a few examples of my sounds design. Enjoy.

Commit message:

chore: sound short and sweet with links and no cards

content/sound/_index.md, after:

+++
title = "Sound"
sort_by = "weight"
template = "cards.html"
insert_anchor_links = "left"

[extra]
show_reading_time = false
quick_navigation_buttons = true
+++

When I left system administration behind, in 2017, I graduated in [Sound Design
For Visual Media](https://vfs.edu/programs/sound-design) at [Vancouver Film
School](https://vfs.edu/about-vfs) and explored a creative career as a sound
designer. VFS complete and formative [sound design
program](https://vfs.edu/programs/sound-design), taught us several disciplines
and subjects. Both in production sound and post-production sound. Such as [boom
op](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boom_operator_(media)),
[utility](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Utility_sound_technician), [production
sound mixer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Production_sound_mixer), dialog
editing, music editing, [Foley
Artistry](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foley_(filmmaking)), [sound
branding](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sound_trademark), [sound
effects](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sound_design), game audio, [rerecording
mixer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Re-recording_mixer), and [field
recordist](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Field_recording).

Technically, I'm a qualified sound designer and a one stop shop for your
production and post-production needs. With diverse experience on both ends, to
assist during the entire life span of the production pipeline. On the other
hand, that didn't pan out. Thus, I'm determined to become a professional Swift
developer.

Enjoy selected sound design on
[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@andreacfromtheapp): [passion sound
design](https://youtu.be/Pe_GcG-kgIs),
[soundscapes](https://youtu.be/Chc5-9eZxjY), [sound
branding](https://youtu.be/a5B9hjPTRmk), my [VFS final
project](https://youtu.be/J-zkijb-IAo), and [City and Memory
contributions](https://youtu.be/678I94EFMe0). A [series of
mixtapes](https://www.mixcloud.com/gentlewash/playlists/ispirazione/) are
available on MixCloud as well.
