content/it/_index.md, before:

+++
title = "Information Technology"
sort_by = "weight"
template = "cards.html"
insert_anchor_links = "left"

[extra]
show_reading_time = false
quick_navigation_buttons = true
+++

I have been involved with [Copyleft](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copyleft),
[Open Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_and_open-source_software),
[Creative Commons](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creative_Commons), and
[Linux](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux), since 2002. At first, because of
the ethos, the philosophy, and the philanthropy of it all. Then, as a proponent
activist. Involved with ideas, coding, active participation and teachings.
Professionally, as Linux [System
Administrator](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/System_administrator).

An akin area of interest is the [Cardano](https://cardano.org)
[blockchain](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blockchain). The abundant
similarities and the same revolutionary ethos led me to partake in the Cardano
ecosystem as a [stake pool
operator](https://docs.cardano.org/operating-a-stake-pool/about-stake-pools/)
and [Shelley
Pioneer](https://iohk.io/en/blog/posts/2020/04/29/from-byron-to-shelley-part-one-the-testnets/).
Until, one day, I sadly [lost anything digitally
relevant](https://twitter.com/insaladaPool/status/1380087586509709312). Thanks
to [Cardano](https://www.essentialcardano.io/) I fell in love with [Functional
Programming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_programming).

Determined to become a professional developer, I'm currently studying
[Swift](https://www.swift.org) and some [CS
Fundamentals](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_science).
Programming apps brings together the creative and the technical. Moreover, I
love doing UI/UX and Swift and apps development fill just the right spot of the
Venn diagram that is my experience in a number of fields.

Commit message:

chore: meh wording del swift

content/it/_index.md, after:

+++
title = "Information Technology"
sort_by = "weight"
template = "cards.html"
insert_anchor_links = "left"

[extra]
show_reading_time = false
quick_navigation_buttons = true
+++

I have been involved with [Copyleft](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copyleft),
[Open Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_and_open-source_software),
[Creative Commons](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creative_Commons), and
[Linux](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux), since 2002. At first, because of
the ethos, the philosophy, and the philanthropy of it all. Then, as a
proponent, I was involved with ideas, coding, active participation and
teachings. Professionally, as Linux
[SysAdmin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/System_administrator) for 15 years.

An akin area of interest is the [Cardano](https://cardano.org)
[blockchain](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blockchain). The abundant
similarities and the same revolutionary ethos led me to partake in the Cardano
ecosystem as a [stake pool
operator](https://docs.cardano.org/operating-a-stake-pool/about-stake-pools/)
and [Shelley
Pioneer](https://iohk.io/en/blog/posts/2020/04/29/from-byron-to-shelley-part-one-the-testnets/).
Until, one day, I sadly [lost anything digitally
relevant](https://twitter.com/insaladaPool/status/1380087586509709312). Thanks
to [Cardano](https://www.essentialcardano.io/) I fell in love with [Functional
Programming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functional_programming).

I'm currently studying [CS
Fundamentals](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_science) (DSA, Complexity,
OOP, DDD, Agile) and [Haskell](https://www.haskell.org/) in my spare time. In the recent past, I've learned
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and [Elm](https://elm-lang.org/); explored and abandoned it as a career path.
